Are there any problems with the artillery manufacturing?
Just received an emergency report
The Southeast Province has met Hong Luo, who has not met in a century
Anti-crime is full of evil
Liu Min commits crimes frequently
The minister of the DPRK and China was hostile at first sight
How is it this time?
What instructions does the father have?
No decision has been made yet
I really can't think of any way.
I want to come and hear your opinion
Hong-Lao disaster
Liu Ming committed the crime
The third prince proposed in front of the courtiers
He personally led the troops to the disaster
Has received the support of some courtiers
Continue to prepare for first aid
Yes!
Come down so soon
Brother Jiu, your sister will go back first
Mingyu, I entered the palace from the moment you were poor
I thought of a solution
OK
A little more blood
What are you doing?
What does this have to do with it?
Of course it does
tomorrow morning meeting
I will replace all North Korea
square
I'll draw a drawing for you.
You use these things
Make it overnight according to the pattern on the stomach?
Obey